Pull it over.
Release.
What are you doing?
Get back to work!
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
What do you want?
Stop!
Put it down!
What is it?
She was just standing there!
I think she might be unstable.
What are you doing?
They're family pictures.
Kentaro...
Who is she?
This is a restricted area.
Who are you?
We are scientists.
We only want to help.
And if you eat those you will get sick.
Your family could die.
You mean "the contamination"?
It is a fairy tale
to scare away the curious.
Why?
What are people so curious about?
The old folks say...
the government burned a hole
through the earth.
all the way to Hell.
Do you believe that?
See for yourselves.
She doesn't even look like him.
But...
...she has his keys.
But not his face.
Kentaro...
...what is going on?
We have to wait for...
Why are we even talking to her?
If my father had been here with me
instead of San Francisco.
he'd still be alive.
But he wasn't in San Francisco on G-Day.
I thought you couldn't speak Japanese?
I never said that.
It was my dad's and my secret language.
You expect us to trust you now?
After you tricked us?
What do you mean?
He wasn't there?
Are you all right?
I've been trying to call you for days.
The cell network just came back up.
Where have you been?
I couldn't get a flight.
Everything was grounded.
Is your mother okay?
Come on. We've got a tent
on the other side of the camp.
I can't stay.
There's a bus heading east
out of the zone at 10pm tonight.
There are passes in there
for you and your mom.
When you get to Reno.
there's a hotel and a car
reserved in your name.
Reno?
What...?
You have to come now.
Mom's been sick worrying about you.
I need you to take care of your mother.
There's something I have to do.
I'm sorry. Cate.
But you are strong.
You'll be all right.